(DOCSP-19525): React Integration (#1645)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/react-native/quick-start-expo.txt

   :width: 300px
   :alt: Realm Expo Template on an iOS Simulator

When you run the commands above, the Expo `dev-client
<https://docs.expo.dev/development/getting-started/>`_ will start automatically.
If you close your Expo ``dev-client`` and want to restart it without waiting for
the native build process again, you can simply run: 

.. code-block:: shell
   
   expo start --dev-client

However, if you made any `changes to the native code
<https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/customizing/>`_, you will have to re-run ``expo
run:ios`` or ``expo run:android`` to rebuild your native iOS/Android app.

Deploying Your Application
--------------------------
To deploy your application, we recommend using the `Expo Application Services (EAS)
<https://docs.expo.dev/eas/>`_, a suite of deeply integrated cloud services for
Expo and React Native apps. EAS allows you to compile and :wikipedia:`sign
<Code_signing>` your {+app+}, upload your app to the Apple App Store or Google
Play Store with a single CLI command, and push bug fixes or small changes
directly to app users. 

Alternatively, read the `Expo Distribution Overview
<https://docs.expo.dev/distribution/introduction/>`_ guide to learn how to

> create native builds, deploy to appstores and avoid common rejections, and
> manage different release environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
create native builds, deploy to app stores, avoid common app store rejections, and
manage different release environments.

```
